docs: Added info about yagna key (#94)
golemfactory/yagna-docs: requestor-tutorials/flash-tutorial-of-requestor-development/README.md

This should produce a 32-character-long hexadecimal app key that **you need to note down** as it will be needed to run the requestor agent.

> You should also keep this key secret, as, if anyone is able to reach your `yagna` daemon's REST API port, they'll be able to control your daemon using this app key.

Author: ```suggestion
{% hint style="danger" %}
If you intend to expose your yagna daemon's REST API port to the outside world (**which we strongly discourage**), you should absolutely ensure that you keep this key secret, as anyone with access to the key and the port will have complete control over your daemon.
{% endhint %}
```
